Fix `css` prop missing from props types in TypeScript (#2140)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/perfect-spoons-whisper.md

---
'@emotion/react': patch
---

> Add `css` prop to all types of props with className: string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with `css` prop type not being added to all components that accept a string `className` correctly.
```
